Call for new maintainers (#89)
kyma-project/rafter: README.md

  <img src="rafter.png" alt="rafter" width="300" />
</p>

---

:warning: **Warning** :warning:

**Rafter is looking for new maintainers**

> The project will no longer be developed within kyma-project organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project will no longer be developed within the `kyma-project` organization.
```

  <img src="rafter.png" alt="rafter" width="300" />
</p>

---

:warning: **Warning** :warning:

**Rafter is looking for new maintainers**

The project will no longer be developed within the `kyma-project` organization.
Contact us if you are interested in becoming a new maintainer.
If we fail to find new maintainers, the project will be archived.

> Until than, no new fetures will be developed and maintanance will be limited to bare minimum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until then, no new features will be developed and maintenance activities will be limited to the bare minimum.
```
